Uh , do you have a pet Randy ? Uh , yeah , currently we have a poodle . A poodle , miniature or , uh , full size ? Yeah , uh , it 's , uh miniature . Uh-huh . Yeah . I read somewhere that , the poodles is one of the , the most intelligent dogs , uh , around . Well , um , I would n't , uh , I definitely would n't dispute that , it , it 's actually my wife 's dog , uh , I , I became part owner six months ago when we got married , but , uh , it , uh , definitely responds to , uh , to authority and , I 've had dogs in the past and , uh , it seems , it seems to , uh , respond real well , it , it she 's , she 's picked up a lot of things , uh , just , just by , uh , teaching by force , I guess is what I 'd like to say . Oh , uh-huh . So , you , you 've only known the dog , wh- , how long did you say . Well , about a year I guess . Oh , well , uh , is it , uh , uh , how old is the dog ? It just turned two , I believe . Oh , it 's still just a pup . Pretty much , yeah , yeah . Yeah , I have a , uh , well a mutt , myself . I call it a , uh , uh , Chowperd . Okay . It 's , uh , part Chow and part Shepherd and it , as I understand it , uh , both sides of the , were thoroughbreds . So , she 's a genuine Chowperd . Oh , that sounds interesting . She has the , the color and the black to- , tongue of a Chow , but , uh , she has the shap- , the shape of the , uh , uh , Shepherd . Oh , that 's , that 's neat . How , about how big then ? Oh , she weighs in at about fifty pounds , so she 's a medium size . Yeah , yeah . But she 's big enough to be intimidating , Most definitely . it is a fi , fixed female , by the way , Yeah . and right from day one , she was teaching me . Oh , I would n't doubt it , yeah . She 's the most intelligent dog I 've ever seen . Course , I 'm a little prejudiced , of course . Well that 's understandable , yeah , it 's , uh , You know , the first time I brought her home , she was only , uh , was it six weeks old . And I spread the newspapers out in the kitchen area . Uh-huh . But , uh , next morning , she let me know in no uncertain terms that she wanted to use the bathroom . Okay . So , on next night , I spread the newspaper in the bathroom and she used them there . Oh . But it was n't too long until she , uh , found out she could wait until I let her out in the morning . Yeah . And since then , I , I live alone , Okay . and , uh , I live in motor home , by the way , I 'm , uh , an R V , full time R V -er , and it 's , it 's such a pleasure to come home at night and you can see her smiling from ear to ear , she 's so happy to see me . Yeah , definitely . And , uh , I do n't know if you get that kind of greeting or not . Yeah , I can honestly say we do , uh , we , uh , just recently put a security system in our house and so now , uh , in order to , uh , to accommodate the motion detectors we have to keep her , uh , uh , locked up in the , the master bedroom during the day and then she 's got the , the bedroom and the bathroom to , for free run during the day but , Uh-huh . we 've always got , uh , got a nose and tongue pressed up against the window when we come walking up to the front door . . She 's definitely ready to get out and run around . Well my dog 's an outdoor type , she does not like to be indoors . Really . Uh , she 'd rather sle , sleep outside on the , the cold ground at night . Oh wow . But , uh , I do make her come in . Yeah . And I feed her indoors , that 's to lure her in , but during the day I have her on a , uh , on a leash , Okay . which is , uh , on sort of a run . I have a , a thirty foot cable , Okay . running from one stake to another , and then attached to that is a , uh , twelve foot leash , Okay . so she can cover quite an area . Most definitely . And , uh , she 's the best , uh , burglar alarm going . Yeah , yeah , yeah that 's , uh , definite security involved in , uh , in a dog like that . Oh , yeah , she , uh , it 's the strangest thing , though , uh , children , no matter how strange they are , or how new they might be can walk , uh , right up to her , Uh-huh . but adults , if they 're strange to her , or , or they look suspicious or something , boy she acts like she wants to chew their leg off . Wow . And I have not discovered yet where the , the line is between children and adults . Yeah , that 's interesting . But , uh , she is a great comfort to me . Yeah , I know our dog has had , uh , some different reactions , she 's never really been around children and , uh , if , if the child is , is pretty straight forward , um , she 's fine . If , if a child is a little intimidated , she 'll jump around and , and yip and bark quite a bit , and if the child gets scared , uh , she 's still trying to play , but she does n't completely understand what 's going on and we 've had a little confusion with , with , uh , with younger kids . Uh-huh . But , uh , you know , that 's , it 's a matter of exposure really . Um , we , uh , took her home to , uh , my family 's place in South Dakota , and she was the one that was intimidated then . There was about seven kids ranging from about , uh , three years to ten years running around the house all at one time , Oh , uh-huh . you know come to visit Grandpa and Grandma and , the dog kind of , kind of felt out of place then because she was , she was being fed , and everything else from all directions . She really did n't know how to handle herself . You mean she did n't appreciate all that attention . She really did , she just , uh , she , she was alm- , she was just inundated with , with all the attention . Uh , she , she kind of , she kind of sat and MUMBLEx it all in for a little while and then she 'd go get back in and try to play and , and what not , but , uh , it was , it was just such a , such a new experience for her . She 's only been around one and , and sometimes two people at the most so , uh . Uh-huh . What 's her name by the way ? Uh , pardon ? What , what do you call the dog ? Oh , it 's , uh , Mitzi . Mitzi . Yeah . Mine is Gin . Oh , okay . As in , uh , martini . Yeah . Actually , it 's Gin two . I , I see . Because , uh , when I was a teenager , in high school , I had Gin one , but then when I went out in the world , I could n't take her with me . Yeah , yeah , yeah , I had , uh , a similar , uh , experience . I , I grew up on a farm so I always had , uh , outdoor pets and , Uh-huh . uh , the dog I had when I moved to Dallas about five years ago was a , uh , Springer Spaniel , black Lab cross . And he was a real , a real lovable type , Oh yeah . but , uh , definitely not an apartment type animal so he , uh , he had to stay home . Oh , what a shame . Yeah , yeah , it really was . He , uh , apparently had a tough time with it for a little while and then he , he got , he came to accept the fact that Mom and Dad were his company from then on , but , uh . Uh-huh , oh well . Yeah . Well Randy , we 've just about used up our time here , Okay . and I must say it was interesting . Most definitely . I enjoyed talking about pets with you . Well that 's great . Maybe we 'll get together again in the future . That sounds real good . Take care now . You too . Bye . Yes , um , I was wondering whether you were in favor of statehood , independence , or the status quo for Puerto Rico . I was a resident , although very young of the sta- , of what is now the state of Alaska in nineteen fifty-nine when Alaska stopped being a territory and became a state . Uh , so I guess I have a left over positive feeling about the question even though I do n't know very much about Puerto Rico . Uh , I know that all the things that happened , relative to that territory in Alaska have been very positive , uh , and I have a suspicion that , that I believe that a , the statehood is a good idea whenever you have a territory the size of Puerto Rico one ought either to make it a full-fledged state or , or let it go , one or the other . What is your situation ? Well , I 'm , I guess I do n't have su- , such close experience with , with , um , an area becoming a state as you do . Um , my concern is the economy because as I understand it Puerto Rico has a very low sta- , uh , standard of living or at least , um , annual average income . Um , part of this I suppose is justified in , in that the climate they do n't need , perhaps , the heating and the housing that some of the more northern territories need . However , in that case , I guess I would favor status quo . I have been to Puerto Rico and , and found it very , very interesting . I did Peace Corps training there . Oh that 's very interesting . And so , um , you know , I saw it , also as a young student and , and it was very foreign in a certain sense , although I had grown up in California and so the Spanish was no problem . Um , it was , it was , you know , very lovely and , and the people seemed very friendly and , and nice . I have , actually , I work with , uh , a girl from Puerto Rico and , I guess I have never thought to ask her what she favors , um . Your concern on the economy was one in terms of , if it became a state would that put even more pressures on , on Puerto Rico , or pressures on the U . S . in terms of aid or , Well probably more on , in terms of the U . S . Um , you know , I 'm , I 'm not quite sure how the U . S . copes with this sort of thing . I 've live abro- , abroad most of my life , so , I guess I , I 've been very cut off . I lived actually in Lebanon , so , I was very cut off from the , the press as I , you know , and be , was becoming an adult . So , I do n't know how the U . S . would cope with , uh , a new state that is so very , very poor . Uh-huh . Um , I guess , you know , we 'd have a lot of aid , if , if you consider the inner cities of like New York and , and how much aid it needs . I suppose the whole country , or the whole , um , new state would require such aid . I guess , um , we 're assuming that , that Puerto Rico would be per capita significantly more poor perhaps than , than say Mississippi or , I think so . Okay , that 's something that , that I guess I have not much of an image of other than , than Puerto Rico as a tropical island and consequently large numbers of barefoot natives or something not in a perjuritive sense but